Document Credential: isConditionalMediationAvailable() static method (#41022)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/credential/index.md

- {{domxref("Credential.type")}} {{ReadOnlyInline}}
  - : Returns a string containing the credential's type. Valid values are `password`, `federated`, `public-key`, `identity` and `otp`. (For {{domxref("PasswordCredential")}}, {{domxref("FederatedCredential")}}, {{domxref("PublicKeyCredential")}}, {{domxref("IdentityCredential")}} and {{domxref("OTPCredential")}})

## Static methods

- {{domxref("Credential.isConditionalMediationAvailable_static", "Credential.isConditionalMediationAvailable()")}}

>   - : Returns a {{jsxref("Promise")}} which always resolves to `false`. Sub classes may override this value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Returns a {{jsxref("Promise")}} which always resolves to `false`. Subclasses may override this value.
```
